Add 3D case for partitioned heat conduction (#714)
precice/tutorials: changelog-entries/714.md

> - add FEniCSx-based solver for the 3D partitioned heat conduction tutorial

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added a FEniCSx-based solver for the 3D partitioned heat conduction tutorial [#714](https://github.com/precice/tutorials/pull/714)
```

- Changelogs are written from the perspective of "what happened in that release".
- A link to the PR helps find out more.

However, since this is a new tutorial:

```suggestion
- Added a 3D partitioned heat conduction tutorial with FEniCSx [#714](https://github.com/precice/tutorials/pull/714)
```
